HVAC Autosizing Factors (#1611)
NREL/OpenStudio-HPXML: docs/source/workflow_inputs.rst

HPXML HVAC Sizing Control
*************************

> HVAC equipment sizing controls are entered in ``/HPXML/Building/BuildingDetails/BuildingSummary/extension/HVACSizingControl``. There're additional autosizing factor inputs specified at system level, see :ref:`hvac_heating`, :ref:`hvac_cooling` and :ref:`hvac_heatpump`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HVAC equipment sizing controls are entered in ``/HPXML/Building/BuildingDetails/BuildingSummary/extension/HVACSizingControl``.
Additional autosizing factor inputs are available at the system level, see :ref:`hvac_heating`, :ref:`hvac_cooling` and :ref:`hvac_heatpump`.
```

  ``HeatingCapacity``                                            double   Btu/hr  >= 0                No        autosized [#]_  Heating output capacity
  ``AnnualHeatingEfficiency[Units="Percent"]/Value``             double   frac    > 0, <= 1           Yes                       Efficiency
  ``FractionHeatLoadServed``                                     double   frac    >= 0, <= 1 [#]_     See [#]_                  Fraction of heating load served

>   ``extension/HeatingAutosizingFactor``                          double   frac    >= 0                No        1.0             Heating autosizing scaling factor

Reviewer: EPvalidator.xml says it must be greater than zero, so these should all be changed to `> 0`.
